---
layout: post
title: Week 3 June 1 - 4, 2021
---

Monday was a holiday day! No work! YAY. I used that day to cut and stain pieces of Pine woods for my bedroom wall. Kind of like a shiplap wall. Anyway, this week, Sam and I were preparing to present our Lit Review to work on Thursday. We collected, read, analyzed and wrote up our summaries in the Literature Review Paper. Then set up our PowerPoint to present. Right now, the Literature Review Paper paragraphs are not transiting right so hopefully by the end of today or next week, it will flow right. We gathered about 10 sources on the topic of WebRTC and captions. I am thinking we should also collect maybe one or two more sources based on the increasing number of people using virtual meetings since COVID-19 started. If we have the statistics of that, it would validate our reason why it is necessary to do research on the best default captions that most or all webRTC should have. 


Today I also got ahead of myself and started setting up the informed consent form, demographic survey and questions in time for next week. I enjoyed doing the research literature review aspect part. I just don't like how much reading is done in a single day. To keep reading scholarly papers for at least 2 weeks is exhausting in my eyes and my brain. Sometimes having too much to read made me misunderstand what the statement, sentences or even the paper were talking about. From now on, I should read slower and more carefully to see if it actually benefits my research. 


I now realized after Thursday meetings, that each section of the research paper takes 3 weeks (ish) as it was set by mentors’ expectations. I hope it will make sense to me by the end of 10 weeks. I can't believe I just finished the 3rd week of my 10 weeks internship. Wow. I am enjoying it so far despite feeling exhausted by the end of the day. Y’all have a good weekend! I know I will be (hopefully) putting up my “shiplap” wood up on my bedroom wall now. YAY!

