---
layout: post
title: Week 10 July 26 - July, 30 2021
---

This week is officially the final week of internship. Wow…. I definitely enjoyed working with Gallaudet, learning a lot about research paper and the study. Many topics were news but as weeks went by, it became more familiar and a topic that I am comfortable discussing easily. Today I crammed a lot to fix up our research paper. There were so many errors and sentences that didn't make sense so I had my sister help me out. Anything that she gets confused about, that is a sign that it needs to be fixed. So far, it is going well. Only a paragraph or two left to fix then I am done. I am unsure if I should ask mentors to skim it over and give us any feedback but it is the last day and I'm exhausted from this. I also forgot I have homework due tonight so I need to finish this, the research paper and then focus on my homework. We had our final presentation yesterday and it went great! My sister sent out a message asking for help or tips of where to go for the best WIFI place. One person reached out to her and offered her a church office place. I was concerned about wifi but they say they do live streaming every Sunday and it works beautifully. AND IT WAS FREE! So I accepted their office and went there. WOW their speed is like 200 mbps. 160 more than back home!! It was perfect. My partner told me that I had no freezing, no dropping frame, no choppy and no sudden fast/slow timing. It was amazing. I did not realize how much I miss that speed like back at school and back at my old home. I think that is all I could write. Too exhausted to think of graceful and amazing words to describe the experience of working here and working with mentors. I do however appreciate working with Katja and others a lot. They all were great mentors! And I look forward to the future either working with them or keeping in touch with them.
