---
layout: post
title: Week 2 May 23 - 28, 2021
---

Second week of internship and it had been most amazing and yet so confusing. I guess the second week is usually the time where the research team would double down and decide on their research question. This week Sam and I decided to focus on the UI of captions in webRTC. The research question we came up with was “How do the types of WebRTC caption UI affect the understanding of DHH participants in a video conference environment?”. These questions required a lot of different sources including webRTC, UI, and some captions. This progress of research is getting serious (not that it wasn't serious the whole time). Last week, the feeling was not urge to do paper work. This week, I am starting to feel the urge to start thinking of how and what to write in our research paper. I am grateful to be partnered with Sam because he has a better technological mind than me while I am more of a design person so together we work well. 


We had been discussing (brainstorming) some ideas of what to do for an experiment for our research question. I personally love to do experiments with people and study their logical (and illogical) thoughts to general things. The goal of the experiment is to discover three things: which position is the best fix for caption to be in while doing webRTC, which size of captions is best, and finally, what colors the caption should be? This will be interesting to validate or null some of our hypothesis theory. :) 


Another interesting thing this week is that I get to meet the whole team and chat with them. We all had been sharing our research questions and giving feedback to each other. It was nice to know their research questions. We end up sharing some of our sources because almost all of us have similar themes within our research topic. I am looking forward to the rest of my internship work. :)  
