---
layout: post
title: Week 1 May 17 - 21, 2021
---

First week of internship is new and odd for me. I just finished my spring semester at RIT like recently Thursday before flying back to my parents’ new home in Texas. I literally only had the weekend to get all settled in my parents’ home and set up my brand BIG new room. I learned that I don’t technically have the wifi ready. This house is using a data plan and hooked up to the data wifi for it. UGH! Nonetheless, I rolled up my sleeves and was ready to work on Monday. We had orientation and it was nice to see everybody and meet mentors and superviser of my internship. Most of the time, my team (Sam Sit) and I just focus on researching for sources about our topic, WebRTC. Each team has their own project going on and we happen to have webRTC with little research into RTT, Real-Time Text. WebRTC and RTT are new terms for me and I find this topic very interesting. I knew about those topics but never had the words for them. I am looking forward to doing more with this research progress. I also learned that as a research intern, we will be doing our own research and put it down in paper! We will be publishing our paper! WHOA. I guess I never thought about that. I just assume that we are there to learn and support/work with their own research. That would be cool to publish something in my name along with my partner, Sam. 

Today is Friday, all week long we have been focusing on looking for sources to support our research question which we don't have yet. We will discuss it on Monday. Now that today's work is almost over, I felt good. I felt like this internship will be great for me and knew that this will help me go far as my career path continues someday. I appreciate the opportunity for this internship. :)
 
