---
layout: post
title: Week 4 June 7 - 11, 2021
---

This week is to focus on the method section of our research paper. I actually enjoyed this part because to me, it is like an outline which I loved! The outline of our method study is to father 20 people and then interview them using our WebRTC. Before I dig deeper on our method section, on Monday and Tuesday I felt like it was a slow day because Sam and I felt we did not know where to go after literature review. Actually, we did a little more editing on our literature review. It is not 100% done due to some content and our APA footnotes but the overall concept is pretty done. I am sure we will always go back to it at the end of our term to double check it. 


After we were done with literature review, we were waiting on our mentors to share the codes with us so that we can start setting up our demo for the interview. There were issues with VPN from Gallaudet, so it took a couple days to figure it out.  But that part was more for Sam. I am the person to search for solutions for Sam to coded it up. 😊 I had demographics all set up and Sam helped me set up more. I then also set up the informed consent page by looking at Joey and Ramzy’s form. I also Google the template for it. That is the starting content for our Informed consent. Our mentor, Katja and Raja finally shared their folder of what was their IRB (Institutional Review Board)’s requirements. I looked at their templates and realized some of their content is similar to mine. So of course, I edited some and added more. I also added a few more for our folder just in case. I hope our study gets approved. 


I am looking forward to starting the interview but apparently it won’t start until after the 6th week I believe. It could have started earlier if we got approved and did our pilot study. I think maybe on Wednesday we will do a pilot of our study and get some idea of how long our study will be. Today, Raja said he hopes many of us can finish three things, our resume, our questionnaires, and our informed consent. All of that was done. Sam focused on testing the ManyCam program (I joined and played too!). We were experimenting on if it was possible to play pre-recording video while WebRTC with users. It was working and the captions were working too. So, it is feasible to use it. 


Anyway, this week was not so bad, and I am looking forward to next week where we buckle down and start doing pilot study and see where we can improve in areas. Also looking forward to doing some UI changes in our WebRTC with Sam. Our study required 20 people to interview and then test our demo with them. Get their feedback and report our results based on that. If we have time, maybe we will make adjustments to our WebRTC and do another quick interview with the same group to see if our new improvement is better. Who knows what will lead us in the future. 