---
layout: post
title: Week 6 June 21 - 25, 2021
---

This week has been an interesting and most busy week so far. Sam and I were busy editing some videos and checking/adding captions for our study. Once we have all of those ready, we share it with our mentors. :\ Only to find our videos were not good enough to use and they suggested that we make our own videos with speakers who spoke clearly. We use our video in the interview as if we were in live interactive conversation with the pre-recording. So we madly rushed and asked other people in our program to help us with pre-recording of the speaker. We asked Ramzy and Katja (our mentor) to speak for our parts. Almost all the videos work great except for one part with an elephant story video. I might have to pre recording that again or maybe ask my father who (I believe) does speak clearly. I also have to change the script of the elephant story because there was not much interaction in that video. I also need to change the last 3 setting questions of RTT because there was no way for us to recognize that our user did notice the captions changed between each setting. But overall I think our study is ready with some minor changes. I'm thankful for Sam to be my partner so we both work together well and Sam pushed our study to be almost as good as it can be. In a way I felt like he had some OCD to make sure our method is perfectly done. I do too but in some areas such as making sure our user is comfortable and that we are prepared to do an interview when it is time. 

Yesterday our program- wide meeting was interesting. I enjoyed watching other group’s presentations and am looking forward to seeing their results. Sign Detection was interesting and they used some kind of gradient application. I can’t remember the name of their applications but it was fascinating. I can not remember everybody’s presentation but I do remember that I was fascinating and interesting in each presentation. I think the one I am interested in is the Caption team focusing on memoji and paralinguistic description examples for captions. I like memoji and paralinguistic and would benefit from both but i think maybe memoji should be smaller and the background should be transparent. Something to think about.

I am looking forward to next week and to enjoy some quiet time before I will be busy with both summer class and the internship. At the same time! Yikes. Also my mother’s birthday is coming up soon! YAY. If she did see this, Happy birthday mama!
