---
layout: post
title: Week 9 July 19 - July 23, 2021
---

Whew. This week has been a busy week. My partner and I worked for almost 6 days this week and last week for a lot of interviews. We gathered over 40 people but a lot of those were fake or people that don't meet our criteria. So far we got 22 studies done but got rid of one study due to a person lying about him being deaf/hoh and knowing ASL. On top of that, I got severe cold sickness on Saturday evening and it lasted almost the whole week. First day and second day were the worst but after that I started to get better and was out of the foggy head stage. But because I was so sick and busy with work, I kind of neglect my school work. No late submission so far but I have one assignment due just before midnight today and I have not started it yet. It is 5 pm now. YIKES! Anyway, I felt like my partner and I did really well and we had great discussions and plans. We gathered information and prepared for the presentation yesterday. It went well and we were able to share a lot of our discussion analyzes of our results. The result and discussion only make me want to do more study based on information we got. For example, does this caption setting and RTT setting change based on academic environment and entertainment environment? Will the participant respond to change? Another thing that pops up in my head but never discusses it with teams but I wonder if it was possible that captions are moveable and that participants can move the caption to wherever they want? Instead of the default setting and firmly staying in that bottom inside of the video, is it possible for us to grab that transparent box with captions and move it wherever and resize to whatever we want? The possibilities of those are endless! 


Honestly, I enjoy the interview (well sometimes and when I am not sick) because I get to study and analyze people’s thoughts. In fact cognitive psychology helped me think bigger and make me want to explore more into the mind of people’s thinking process and behavior! Recently, the program evaluator asked me about a graduate program in this field. I'm like uhhhhh money? LOL. I just don't know if there is a field for me that I want to major in or is it something that I will enjoy and gain experience/benefits for my future job? I look forward to future opportunities with this research field. Either here at Gallaudet or anywhere really. Okay I need to sign off and focus on my homework. Wish me luck! 
