---
layout: post
title: Week 5 June 14 - 17, 2021
---

Today's blog is a day earlier due to the Juneteenth holiday (tomorrow - 18th) and we get the day off. That was nice. 😊 This week was, at first, dragging on with no purpose for me. But eventually I found my niche and was able to keep working on my tasks. In the beginning, there was not much to do from my end because Sam is responsible for coding while I am responsible for questions, handling interview aspects, and preparing for it. All that is left is the demo part of the coding. Hence waiting for Sam but after meeting with mentor Katja and Sam, I was able to help out Sam more. I took over the video clips to record and edit for our interview while Sam continued to work on the coding part. I also set up and am almost finished with the ppt presentation in time for next week.  I found a neat website that gives me a professional cool background for my ppt, slidesGo. Pretty cool!


I was working on video clips and was able to edit/trim some clips for our test. Originally I just planned to show the video and let the WebRTC captions pick it up from there but our team mentor mentioned it might be best if we have captions included. Two separate video clips. Plan A is video clips without captions for the webrtc demo aspect. And plan B is video clips with captions without the webrtc demo in case that plan A fails and or coding did not finish in time. It was a good idea to plan for both scenarios. It might be more work for me but that would keep me busy while Sam works on coding. 


Overall, after Monday, I felt like Sam and I did a lot and were on good track with our project. All that is left is to do pilot testing of our research a few times, to gather good datas and wish us best of luck. I hope we do well. I think that is it. 