---
layout: post
title: Week 8 July 12 - July 16, 2021
---

Yay our vacation is over. Wait, I must be nuts to celebrate that our vacation is over? Lol Well i enjoyed my vacation. I remodeled my parent’s bathroom but in the end they said the painting color was too light so it might be repainted someday. Hopefully when I am not home! 
This week we start preparing and doing some interviews to gather our datas. We had few in the beginning and felt good to go. We suddenly got more than 20 people to sign up for our study but only to realize that maybe some of them are the same person, repeatedly scamming us out of money or whatever. It was disappointing and a waste of our time slot.  Not all participants we scheduled are failures. We got some decent numbers from asking many of our friends and by our private Facebook message. Currently we have done 10 studies but will be deleting one study due to suspicions that he is hearing and not deaf as our requirement said so. I also modify and kept updating to tidy up our spreadsheets for our participants. I love excel (Google Spreadsheet) because to see how it is set up and how to navigate the numbers and details was fun. I set up at least 4 that I can remember. One was to highlight the row if the column checkbox for study was checked (true) the row will be highlighted in green. If that participant is disqualified for whatever reason, their row will be highlighted in red! No show will be yellow. Sam asked to add blue to the row for today's meeting so that we don’t have to search too many on the list. We have 39+ participants on records plus few other details below that so it was a lot of information and colors. So I typed up a box of information to count how many colors and how many had done this or that. It was enjoyable for me. I also learned that Google Spreadsheet can not provide a conditional format for a sheet that is based on another sheet. Excel could do that. Interesting! There is a way to fool Google to do that but it will cause bugs and issues in our spreadsheet so it was not worth attempting it. I shared that template with another team and hopefully they felt it was beneful for them to use with their study. So far, I think we will have legit 15 studies done by next week. We need 5 or more to reach that level of complete datas. I had sent off information to my buddies online. I don’t know if they are willing to do it. I did tell them, $80 for less than 3 hours! That is a pretty good wage! LoL. I don’t know if that will work but who knows. 


During each study interview, I am really grateful I get to work with Sam as my partner, we work really well together. He is more of a technology and programming guy while I am more of a people person and some psychology thinking. We both share the responsibility of writing our research paper so I felt good working with him. 


Meanwhile in the midst of all of that, I have a summer course - cognitive psychology and it was sooooooo fascinating! I am still trying to find my balance between work and course work. So far, evening and weekend, the school course took my attention and during the day, I focused on my internship work. I think it might work. So far this week is the second week of summer course so I will see how I do for the exam this Saturday (tomorrow).  Wish me luck! 
